Split intro training into two separate modules (#377)
moderneinc/moderne-docs: docs/hands-on-learning/introduction/module-3-data-tables-visualizations.md

* Visual representations for exploring large datasets

Not all recipes produce visualizations, but those that do offer powerful ways to understand your codebase at a glance.

## Exercise 3-1: Run search recipes and export data tables with the CLI

In this exercise, you'll run search-oriented recipes with the CLI and learn how to review results via search markers and exported data tables.

### Goals for this exercise

* Run search recipes with the CLI
* Review search results markers (when present)
* Export recipe data tables with `mod study`

### Steps

#### Step 1: Sync sources and build LSTs

1. Navigate back to your workspace directory:

```bash
cd ~/moderne-workshop
```

2. You've already synced the source code from the Default organization in the first module, but you also applied changes from a recipe run. That means your LSTs no longer accurately reflect the current code state. To make sure you have the most up-to-date LSTs, run the following command to build them locally:

```bash
mod build .
```

(This may take several minutes to complete. You may want to move on to the next exercise while you wait for this command to complete and come back to this step when it's done.)

> If you later see a `The latest LST is not up to date` message when running recipes, rebuild your LSTs after updating or changing source code. (Also, if you see that `mod build .` only partially succeeded, that just means that some of the repos failed. You can still move on and complete the exercise since recipes will work fine on the repos that _did_ build successfully.)

Reviewer: I've also found that even after rebuilding LSTs I still get the message "The latest LST is not up to date" so I'm not sure this advice is totally accurate.

#### Step 3: Export data tables with `mod study`

After running a recipe, the CLI will suggest commands to view data tables:

```bash
⏺ What to do next
    > Click on one of the patch links above to view the changes on a particular repository
    > Run mod study to examine the following data tables produced by this recipe:
          > mod study . --last-recipe-run --data-table MethodCalls
          > mod study . --last-recipe-run --data-table RecipeRunStats
          > mod study . --last-recipe-run --data-table SearchResults
          > mod study . --last-recipe-run --data-table SourcesFileResults
```

1. Export the `MethodCalls` data table:

```bash
mod study . --last-recipe-run --data-table MethodCalls
```

This creates both a CSV and Excel file that lists the method calls found by the recipe. Open and explore either one (or both) for one of the repositories by using ctrl-click (Windows), command-click (Mac), or copying the path. You can use whatever spreadsheet application you prefer (Excel, Google Sheets, etc.).

2. Export `SearchResults` data table:

```bash
mod study . --last-recipe-run --data-table SearchResults
```

> This will have similar output to the `MethodCalls` table, but this is a table that is provided whenever search markers are added to the code, regardless of whether the results are also including in another different table (like `MethodCalls`). Open the generated CSV file(s) and compare the search marker highlights in the diff view from the previous step with rows in the exported `SearchResults` file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will have similar output to the `MethodCalls` table, but this is a table that is provided whenever search markers are added to the code, regardless of whether the results are also included in a different table (like `MethodCalls`). Open the generated CSV file(s) and compare the search marker highlights in the diff view from the previous step with rows in the exported `SearchResults` file.
```

cd ~/moderne-workshop
```

2. In the first module, you synced the source code from the `Default` organization and applied some changes to it from a recipe run. Because of that, your LSTs no longer accurately reflect the current code state. To make sure you have the most up-to-date LSTs, run the following command to build them locally:

```bash
mod build .
```

:::info
This may take several minutes to complete. You may want to move on to the next exercise while you wait for this command to complete and come back to this step when it's done.
:::

If you later see a `The latest LST is not up to date` message when running recipes, rebuild your LSTs after updating or changing source code. (Also, if you see that `mod build .` only partially succeeded, that just means that some of the repos failed. You can still move on and complete the exercise since recipes will work fine on the repos that _did_ build successfully.)

:::tip
By default, `mod build` may try to download LSTs from Moderne if they’re available. To force a local build, use `mod build . --no-download`.
:::

#### Step 2: Run a search recipe that produces a report

1. Run a search recipe to find specific method calls:

```bash

> mod run . --recipe FindMethods -PmethodPattern="java.util.List add(..)"

Author: Added tip about this

* Complex diagrams showing relationships between nodes
* Interactive charts for exploring dependencies
* Visual representations for exploring large datasets

Not all recipes produce visualizations, but those that do offer powerful ways to understand your codebase at a glance.

## Exercise 3-1: Run search recipes and export data tables with the CLI

In this exercise, you'll run search-oriented recipes with the CLI and learn how to review results via search markers and exported data tables.

### Goals for this exercise

* Run search recipes with the CLI
* Review search results markers (when present)
* Export recipe data tables with `mod study`

### Steps

#### Step 1: Sync sources and build LSTs

1. Navigate back to your workspace directory:

```bash
cd ~/moderne-workshop
```

2. In the first module, you synced the source code from the `Default` organization and applied some changes to it from a recipe run. Because of that, your LSTs no longer accurately reflect the current code state. To make sure you have the most up-to-date LSTs, run the following command to build them locally:

```bash

> mod build .

Reviewer 2: This took 5 minutes plus on my machine; we should, at least in the talk track, mention that they should start the process at the end of lab 2 to have fresh LSTs in lab 2 when we need them.
